❤❤❤Dear Kevin,🔥★★★

I hope this message finds you well.

My name is Milan Vukmanovic, and I am a passionate full-stack developer with over seven years of experience, from Serbia. Throughout my career, I have had the privilege of working on various large-scale projects that have not only honed my technical skills but also deepened my commitment to creating innovative solutions.

I have been following your company's remarkable journey and am truly inspired by the innovative work your team is doing. It would be a dream come true for me to contribute to such a forward-thinking environment.

If there are any current or upcoming job openings that align with my skill set, I would be incredibly grateful for the opportunity to discuss how I can be a valuable addition to your team.

Thank you for considering my inquiry. I look forward to the possibility of connecting with you.

Warm regards,

Milan Vukmanovic

----------------------------------------
5-Job Overview
We are an outsourcing company in the Software development market.
Many of our developers are great, but they struggle with interviews due to language barriers, confidence issues, or strategy gaps. That’s where you come in.
We’re hiring fluent English speakers with solid technical understanding to join real interviews and represent or support candidates through the hiring process.
This is not a mock interview gig. You’ll be actively participating in real hiring conversations, helping real people get hired.

Responsibilities
Join and lead remote technical interviews (Zoom, Google Meet, etc.)
Clearly and confidently present a candidate’s background and experience
Help answer technical questions (if needed) or guide the candidate through them
Represent candidates in post-hire standups or onboarding meetings
Collaborate with our internal team to optimize each client’s success strategy

Requirements
C2-level English fluency – crystal-clear spoken communication is a must
Experience with software engineering concepts – MERN, Java, Ruby, etc.
Comfortable with remote tools: Zoom, Slack, Notion, etc.
Sharp, professional presence in live meetings

Compensation
We offer a tiered compensation model with no cap on earnings:
Hourly Pay: $20–$100/hr, depending on your experience and client level
Post-Hire Standups: +20% if you attend meetings after a client is hired
Developer Work (Optional): +40% if you support technical tasks yourself

Why Join Us?
Fully remote, fully flexible
Meaningful work: directly impacts someone’s career
Long-term collaboration opportunities
Transparent career ladder: Beginner → Intermediate → Advanced Tiers
Friendly, global-first team
Opportunity to grow into technical or strategic roles over time

First Week: Onboarding
Your first week will be a structured onboarding experience:
Learn the process
Attend internal training
Practice with mock interviews
Get set up for success before your first real session

Ready to Get Started?
Submit a proposal and tell us:
Your interview or coaching experience
Your software or tech background (don’t worry, you don’t need to code)
Your time zone and weekly availability
Your expected hourly rate
Most importantly, a clear understanding of this role
-----------------------------------------------------
www.linkedin.com/in/milan-vukmanovic-6479b0327
+381 63 122 70 53


0xbdce6a36090e3ab0a5a46e2efab59175abd6a90d

CJgato.richy.ups@gmail.com
terekhin11 (at) gmail.com

milosbrkicfx@gmail.com (BQ's email)

34.209.72.56
ssh -i "try_latest.pem" ubuntu@ec2-34-209-72-56.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com

Hello,

My name is Denys, and I'm a full-stack developer on the development team at a Digital Marketing company. I have an exciting collaboration opportunity that I would like to offer you.

I'm reaching out to let you know that we have a collaboration opportunity available that doesn't require any technical skills. I believe this could be incredibly helpful and profitable for you.

If you're interested in learning more, please don't hesitate to get in touch with me. You can reach me through the following contact information:

WhatsApp: +380 99 158 1005
Email: kalynivdenysvalentyn@gmail.com

I look forward to discussing this opportunity with you further. Please let me know if you have any questions or would like additional details.

Best regards,
Denys


Hello everyone.
I am web developer from Europe and I am seeking US citizens helping with my work.
I have lost my account for some reason a few month ago.
Anyway I didn't disappointed and decided to start with another way, US account because I have been aware of that Americans have so much activity space in freelance work. so I am now in search of US citizens to help me. I am sure that you will profit satisfactorily collaborating me. if you are interested in my proposal, leave DM anytime to discuss in more details. thanks.

0xbff233A99D0061C73DffD1B9B33166eBd9982De8
--------------------------------------------------
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ejaytkm/
https://github.com/x-business
GithubUserName : EjayTop

No. 27, Jalan Bukit Damansara 5,
Bukit Damansara,
50490 Kuala Lumpur,
Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia.

Back End Developer Payments
Xsolla · Full-timeXsolla · Full-time
Nov 2022 - Nov 2024 · 2 yrs 1 mo


SINEGY | Digital Asset Exchange logo
Full Stack Software Engineer
SINEGYSINEGY
Sep 2019 - Feb 2022 · 2 yrs 6 mosSep 2019 to Feb 2022 · 2 yrs 6 mos
Penang, MalaysiaPenang, Malaysia
Acronym Digital logo
Web Developer
Web Developer
Compass Interactive Sdn BhdCompass Interactive Sdn Bhd
Mar 2017 - Jan 2019 · 1 yr 11 mosMar 2017 to Jan 2019 · 1 yr 11 mos
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
-------------------------------------------------------------
-Tewww.linkedin.com/in/milan-vukmanovic-6479b0327

Unlocking Global Opportunities in Tech Together
The world of technology is more connected than ever, creating endless opportunities for talented developers and entrepreneurs to collaborate across borders. As a Senior Full Stack & Blockchain Developer, I bring extensive experience in Web3, Smart Contracts, Full Stack Development, and Cloud Solutions—skills that are in high demand in the U.S. market.

However, I recognize that certain opportunities in the U.S. require local representation to bridge the gap between global talent and American businesses. That's where a strategic partnership comes into play.

Why This Opportunity Is Exciting
✔️ Leverage Cutting-Edge Skills – I specialize in React, Node.js, Solidity, Smart Contracts, and Blockchain solutions, bringing high-value technical expertise to the table.
✔️ Mutually Beneficial Collaboration – This is not just about a job—it's about building something impactful together while sharing the rewards.


What I’m Looking For in a U.S. Partner
I am seeking a U.S.-based professional who is interested in collaboration. This person would:

Act as a local representative for certain projects requiring a U.S. presence.
Help navigate business processes such as registrations or client communication.
Work together on high-value projects, where we share profits fairly.

How We Benefit Together
💡 Shared Profits – A fair revenue-sharing model ensures we both gain from successful projects.

Let’s Connect!
If you're interested in exploring this exciting partnership, let’s have a conversation! No technical experience is required—just a shared vision for growth and opportunity.

---------------------------------------------------
Name: Rogelio Hernandez
DOB: 11/22/1994
Address: 9925 San Anselmo Ave
City: South Gate
State: CA
Zip code: 90280
Mail: praisesol87@gmail.com
Pwd:Fruitcake123!
Linkedin Pwd: Fruitcake123!
Wellfound Pwd:Fruitcake123!
www.linkedin.com/in/rogeIiohernandez
(424)325-0524
South East High School