
Experienced DevOps & Fullstack (expertise in Go | Python | JS | PHP) Ninja



🥇 100% Client Satisfaction
🥇 Fluent English;

🌟 Programming Languages : Golang, Python, Javascript, PHP
🌟 FullStack
    ✔ Front-end : 
    🔹HTML5, CSS3/SASS/LESS/Stylus/Bootstrap/Tailwind Css
    🔹Frameworks : Next.js, Nuxt.js,React.js, Vue.js,  
                   Svelte,Ember.js
    🔹Other: Redux, vuex, responsive web design, 
              interactive user interface
    ✔ Back-end
    🔹Golang
    🔹Python(Django /Flask/ Rest api)
    🔹Node.js(Express.js/EJS/NestJs)
    🔹PHP(Laravel, Symfony)
    🔹RESTful APIs and API Integration
    ✔ Database
         PostgreSQL, MySQL, GraphQL, MongoDB, Redis, Elasticsearch
🌟 DevOps
   CI/CD, Kubernetes, Docker, Gitlab, Jenkins, AWS, Azure
🌟 Linux System
   OpenVPN, LDAP, Odoo, Terraform, Ansible, Bash
🌟 Web Servers
   Nginx,  Apache
🌟 Source code management
   Github, Bitbucket, SVN

👉AVAILABLE NOW👉
I am a highly skilled computer science graduate with an extensive 9-year background in software development. My primary expertise lies in Back-end development expertise in Go, Python, JS, and NodeJs, where I have dedicated 8 years honing my skills. Alongside, I bring 5 years of hands-on experience in DevOps, specializing in CI/CD, Jenkins, Kubernetes, Docker, and AWS. With a solid foundation of 4 years in javascript frameworks, I am well-equipped to tackle various software development challenges.
My proficiency in javascript frameworks extends to 6 years, allowing me to contribute to the front-end development of projects with a keen understanding of user experience and interface design.
I am enthusiastic about taking on new challenges and contributing to innovative projects. Please don't hesitate to reach out to me anytime. I'm more than happy to assist!
Elevate your Enterprise or Startup projects with premier Full-stack Software Development and Data Engineering/Science services. As a seasoned expert in seamlessly integrating frontend and backend solutions, I offer a comprehensive skill set to enhance your digital infrastructure and data analytics capabilities.

✌Why Choose Me✌
🔹Proven track record of successfully leading and delivering complex projects.
🔹Deep expertise in Golang, PHP, Python, DevOps, and javascript frameworks, offering a comprehensive skill set for end-to-end development.
🔹Strong commitment to innovation, evident in the creation of unique solutions like the loan management system and renewable energy system.
🔹Adept at collaborating with cross-functional teams and ensuring project success through effective communication and leadership.

⌚I'm looking forward to long-term relationships with clients and I possess a client-oriented and result-driven attitude.
I hope to have a great start and establish a good relationship with you on success and thank you for taking the time to visit my profile, I am excited to discuss how I can contribute to the success of your project!

👋Partner with me to leverage these advanced technological skills and drive your enterprise to the forefront of innovation and efficiency. Let's create something remarkable together.🔥

Best regards.